Release notes for podCIDR detection (#1037)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* Enhanced Calico CNI detection now includes searching for calico-node CNI pods when the calico-config map is not detected.
* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery with Globalnet enabled where a service was inaccessible after recreating it.
* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery where a remote cluster's service was inaccessible after recreating its local namespace.

> * Fixed an issue in the podCIDR detection logic, ensuring that node.Spec.PodCIDR is exclusively used for single-node deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The pod CIDR detection logic now ensures that the node's `podCIDR` is exclusively used for single-node deployments.
```
